I so so love being drunk
wekk um drynk ruggt biw its 1 am midnight in bled,slovenia, the day was great and did a lot of stuff much more than i can state within the insta word limit. had my phone disappear out of my pocket around 9 am, searched the lake area went to the police but to no awail so tomorow when i go to italy ill get a new phone this time an iphone . Well we circumnavigated the lake in the evening and took a lot of pictures and met a lot of strangers. We trekked up the trail to the view point right when the sun was about to set, got great evening views of the lit up central island of the lake and then when It was time to go back it was already pitch black and the fear of being attack ed ny wild animals struck ius. i pledged I would drink a liter of beer if i return alive to the lake from the densely forested trail we were in and yeah 2 hours later I was in our hostel drinkning shots of tequila and bacaeirdiey with a Buch of random guys and girls from random European nationalities, playing cards and  laughing together at whatever was happening, not even understanding the rules if the card game properly. 1 hour later we were talking to an Irish and a British man about a range of topics from cricket to ufc to caste system and ethnicity in india. And by thgen the alcogol had gotten so much into me that I was feeling hysterical and randomly so happy and stressless. we walked on absutley empty miudnuight streets of bled and were saying and discussing random things abiyt life, well it is great and im well aware of the maut ka Tamatha placement tests starting after I return to india but well whatever happens happens
Alcohol changes my persomalitu polar opposite and makes me too extroverted and emotionally xpressive but well yeah it was only the forth time I drank but this change was a constant everyitme and currently im so drumk so tiered but oh so tranquil. the people in Europe sure know how to live, but well I wish I could explore more of my drunkenness but its already so late and I n need to catch the morning bus so ill sleep and not walk more on the beautiful empty mifninhghyt streets here.
This is prolly the most drunk ive ever been, been pressing random keys. Well I have to get some soveineirs for some of my friends and will look into that but the seafood at Koper would hopefuly be grate ] the lake here was just too pretty the streets too clean and the people too civilized and well the bled cream cake was savory too,. Italy it is tomorrow . These diary entries were started getting inspired from the way che Guevara documented his journey through latin America in his diary. I hope this series continues and I keep adding chapters to my book
