july 19, 1:42 pmafter five hours of delay, ours was the first flight that took off from leh on this rainy day. i had the window seat on the right, and for the first thirty minutes, all i could see were dry, naked hills stretching into more dry, naked hills - but then, suddenly, green. like someone had drawn a sharp line through the mountains and switched brushes. i think we were flying close to the kashmir valley.

i filmed a lot on my gopro this trip. i think it did a decent job of capturing the contradictions: scorching heat during the day, teeth-clattering cold at night, peace and fatigue overlapping like layers. it was an eventful five days. more happened than i can sit and write, but i’ll try anyway.

day 1 was quiet. i landed at leh, took a rickety bus to the city, wandered through the market, ate tibetan food, and checked into a hotel to rest for a bit. in the evening, we hired a cab to visit the local palace and a monastery. the dry, barren and hilly terrain reminded me of jaisalmer - only this time, the hills were taller and snow capped at a distance.

by 10:30 pm, i registered for a shared taxi that would take me around ladakh over the next three days. the town had gone to sleep. most shops were shut. i walked back to my hotel in silence, the only sound being glacial meltwater rushing through a stream nearby. i filmed the walk.

fourteen hours later, i was 17,000 feet above sea level, at khardung la. thin air, very cold. found myself tired too quickly, realizing for the first time what low oxygen levels feel like. no i'm lying, i have asthma, it was easy for me adjusting in such a low oxygen environment, i have experienced gasping for air at sea level and knew how to function when oxygen gets low. my little brother struggled a little tho. three hours of winding roads later, we were in the sand dunes of hunder. my brother did the tourist thing - rode a camel - while i sat on a rock and petted a baby one. we dipped our feet in a freezing stream born from a melting glacier and spent an hour picking out pebbles that we thought looked pretty. i kept about ten. they’re still in my bag.

the night sky in hunder was beautiful - stars like holes in the sky. the place is in the middle of nowhere. somewhere between pakistan and china, in the shadow of siachen, with no sound but the wind and the occasional bark of a dog in the distance. i reviewed my gopro clips before sleeping. slept well.

sixteen hours later, i was at pangong lake. the last scene of 3 idiots was shot there. the water was blue - like, actually blue - and bitterly cold. the wind was too strong for some reason. we talked to an old tibetan man, who had escaped with his family to ladakh when china invaded tibet. he was barely 5 or 6 back then. we stayed the night, and by the next afternoon, we were back in leh.

i spent that day mostly resting. in the evening, we stepped out again. it started to drizzle, so we took shelter in an ice cream shop and got talking with a kashmiri man who refused to believe we were from bihar. no one did, probably because of our skin and height. people assumed we were kashmiri pundits.

later that evening, we ended up at a cozy café serving neapolitan pizza. we were the only indians there. the rest were israelis. we struck up a conversation with an israeli guy who told us about his travels across the himalayas. we talked about his aspirations, plans and political beliefs.  we left around midnight.

this morning, we reached the airport. waited six hours for the flight i’m now on. my final year at iit starts tomorrow when i go back to campus, and i’m not sure how i feel about that. i’ve spent the past two months locked inside a room, in bangalore - writing research papers, going to the office for my internship, barely speaking to anyone. this trip was a break. a much-needed one.

i have plans now. not sure what shape they’ll take. but they’re there, waiting.

there are placements coming in a few months, and also college application portals going to open. i want to see where time takes me.

